README.rst, before:

Synaptics Astra USB Tools
=========================

This repository contains the USB tools and drivers needed to flash images to the Synaptics Astra RDK boards.

USB Driver
----------

The ``Synaptics_WinUSB_Driver`` directory contains the Windows USB driver which is needed to communicate with a Synaptics Astra RDK board from a host PC using the USB interface.
Instructions for installing the USB driver can be found in the `Synaptics Astra Documentation <https://synaptics-astra.github.io/doc/v/1.6.0/linux/index.html#installing-the-winusb-driver-windows-only>`__.

Astra Update
------------

The ``astra-update`` tool replaces ``usbboot`` as the preferred tool for updating eMMC and SPI images on Astra Machina. Copy the eMMCimg or SPI image directory
to the usb-tool directory and run either ``update_emmc.bat`` or ``update_spi.bat`` on Windows or ``update_emmc.sh`` or ``update_spi.sh`` on Linux or Mac.
Instructions for using the tool can be found in the Synaptics Astra Documentation.

The ``astra-update`` source code repository and detailed documentation can be found at the `Astra Update Source Repository <https://github.com/synaptics-astra/astra-update>`__.

Previous versions of ``usbboot`` can be found on the `releases page <https://github.com/synaptics-astra/usb-tool/releases/>`__.

Commit message:

[Patch] #70182: Update Readme.
[Description]:
Update the Readme file to denote the fork from original repo.

README.rst, after:

Note:
-----
This repository is a forked version of Synaptics' original USB tool repository. It may contain modifications or enhancements that are not present in the upstream version.
Modification is done to add support foor the Sentinel series of boards, which are based on Synaptics' Astra series.

Synaptics Astra USB Tools
=========================

This repository contains the USB tools and drivers needed to flash images to the Synaptics Astra RDK boards.

USB Driver
----------

The ``Synaptics_WinUSB_Driver`` directory contains the Windows USB driver which is needed to communicate with a Synaptics Astra RDK board from a host PC using the USB interface.
Instructions for installing the USB driver can be found in the `Synaptics Astra Documentation <https://synaptics-astra.github.io/doc/v/1.6.0/linux/index.html#installing-the-winusb-driver-windows-only>`__.

Astra Update
------------

The ``astra-update`` tool replaces ``usbboot`` as the preferred tool for updating eMMC and SPI images on Astra Machina. Copy the eMMCimg or SPI image directory
to the usb-tool directory and run either ``update_emmc.bat`` or ``update_spi.bat`` on Windows or ``update_emmc.sh`` or ``update_spi.sh`` on Linux or Mac.
Instructions for using the tool can be found in the Synaptics Astra Documentation.

The ``astra-update`` source code repository and detailed documentation can be found at the `Astra Update Source Repository <https://github.com/synaptics-astra/astra-update>`__.

Previous versions of ``usbboot`` can be found on the `releases page <https://github.com/synaptics-astra/usb-tool/releases/>`__.
